17/5: 

Established the GitHub repo for Cavern Chef (30 min)

20/5:

Searched for assets to use on Itch.io (1h)

22/5:

Finally figured out how to push Unity Project to GitHub.
Added Stove Assets
Added Background Assets from Itch.io
Made first scene with grass BG and Stove foreground.
- Kevin (2 hours)

Added Food sprites from Itch.io
Created Wisp and FryingPan sprites
Figured out sorting layers
-Kevin (2-3 hours)

23/5:

Added a lot of prefabs
Adjusted the tilemaps to ensure grid generation is correctly alligned
Created a basic grid generator
Searched online for enemy pathing tutorials 
(Found mostly waypoint-based, useful for the tech demo but might not be
for the final product)
- Kevin (4 hours)

24/5:

Made path generation scripts, accounting for future features like
path randomisations. Currently predetermined for the sake of the demo.
- Kevin (3 hours)

25/5:

Implemented a basic UI with the following features:
-Text to display the amount of Repel Points (RP) left for use.
(RP is the economy for this game)
-Vertical scroll box with 1 temporary econ tower that can be selected.
- Kevin (4 hours)

Also:
Implemented tower placement after selecting it from the vertical scroll box.
- Kevin (3 hours)


26/5:
Tried to implement the wisps.
Added some scripts and set up the waypoints and make the wisps follow them.
Currently the wisp does not move and there is an unknown render texture error that
keeps appearing now. Will try to fix tomorrow
- Bryce (2 hrs)


27/5:
Added working Econ TRTs.
- Kevin (1 hour)

Quickly fixed the issue from yesterday with Kevin's help (Prefabs were missing in the Inspector for one of the scripts). 
Implemented enemy spawning. 
Implemented enemy waves. Needs bugfixing.
- Bryce (4.5 hours)

28/5:
Fixed enemy waves.
- Kevin (30 mins)

Implemented Basic Offense TRTs, and implemented a targetting system using a global enemy list.
Note: replace w Priority Queue eventually, priority based on distance to objectives.
Currrently no range system implemented. Future feature.
- Kevin (4 hours, started from 27/5)

Implemented a basic Main Menu and a Food Selection scene before the Tower Defense mode.
Textures to be replaced eventually, further down the line.
- Kevin (5 hours, most of the time spent on fiddling with screen sizes before eventually giving up)



29/5:
Made a bullet sprite for the basic turret.
Implemented basic turret firing bullets.
Implemented tracking, dmg, and killing effect of basic bullets.
- Bryce (6.5 hrs, 1 hr from yesterday)

Added the exit game functionalities.
Also added the exit game functionalities to the Tower Defense mode, as a means of ending the demo version being submitted for Milestone 1.
Fixed some bugs with the bullet travel, and other miscellaneous bugs.
-Kevin (1 hour)

31/5:
Created an algorithm that can easily generate an SSSP algorithm from our current needs.
Plannedd to be evolved into a psuedd-random path generator.
-Kevin (3 hours)

1/6 - 2/6:
Created the randomised path generation algorithm.
Bugs created: 
1. Creates dead ends
2. Intersecting paths are possible, esp with longer path generations
Possibly problematic if there are more than 1 spawn point, but not a concern for now
- Kevin (6 hours collectively across 1st and 2nd June)

2/6 - 4/6:
Created `EnemyList` class as a custom priority queue for tracking enemies in each wave to eventually replace the current array.
Created abstract class `Enemy` to eventually superclass Wispy.
- Bryce (6 hrs)

4/6 - 5/6:
Created a fully functional enemy pathfinding script using A*.
Note: The code is a commented code block meant to be copied into objects using the algorithm.
- Kevin (12 hours collectively across 4th and 5th June)

5/6 - 7/6:
Replaced array in the internal representation of enemies in `EnemyList` class with a List.
Replaced the array in GlobalVariables.enemyList with the custom class `EnemyList`.
Completed and incorporated abstract `Enemy` class into current version.
Updated script for `TRTLookAtEnemy` to only look at enemies when they are in range
Updated movement of Wispies to follow the path generated by Kevin's code.
Somehow(???) cleared bugs from the new implementation, I hope.
- Bryce (6 hrs)

8/6:
Added the basic versions of the caves, flooded caves, and magma cavern.
- Kevin (adding time spent editing, a total of 3 hours)

9/6:
Found/edited/made more enemy and food assets.
Added some enemy prefabs for each zone.
- Kevin (3 hrs)

9/6 - 12/6 morning:
Ideation for possible types of turrets.
Implementation of EnemyStatus class within Enemy.cs to handle interactions of turret abilities. To be incorporated.
Moved some fields from BasicOffenseTRT to the general TRT class to better follow OOP principles.
Renaming basic TRT to Fire Turret and other similar renamings.
- Bryce (5 hrs)

11/6: 
Created wisp movement and death spritesheets for each individual wisp type. 
Made a working animation for the slime.
- Kevin (6 hrs)

13/6:
Wisps now all properly animate for moving and dying
Death animations also don't impact the priority system for targeting.
- Kevin (3 hrs)

14/6:
Created the assets for the sprites of the various TRT elements based on the Red ones found online
- Kevin (3 hrs) 

14/6 - 15/6 afternoon:
Incorporated the new EnemyStatus class into Enemy.
Implemented the scripts for other turrets (except light), though they cannot be used until the projectiles are also implemented.
Slightly modified the logic of the code of FireTRT.cs to be shorter and neater.
Cleaned out some of my messy comments.
Added the sprites made by Kevin and cut them up with instructions from Kevin.
- Bryce (5 hrs)

15/6: 
Created the prefabs using the assets made
- Kevin (1 hr)

15/6 night - 16/6 afternoon:
Implemented the basic structure of projectiles (except light's) and tidied up fireball.
Next TODO: Add AoE and Lightning chaining to EnemyList and incorporate them into relevant projectiles.
- Bryce (2 hrs)

16/6 - 17/6: 
Implemented most of the core gameplay loop
Added saving and loading of a run
- Kevin (12 hrs)

17/6 - 19/6:
Moved out some redundant code and deleted some redundant files.
Implemented scripts for Snowball, Waterball, Boulder, and Lightning using EnemyStatus.
Hopefully they work as intended.
TODO1: Make/search sprites for projectiles, make them prefabs, and test the scripts.
TODO2: Implement LightTRT
- Bryce (3 hrs)

20/6: 
Implemented a blockage TRT.
Desc: When placed on an enemy path tile, all spawners and enemies will search for a path without the tile with the blockage.
Currently implemented: Almost everything about it
Not implemented: A check for if a valid path exists if the initial path is blocked off.
Bug: Priority is messed up. Awaiting Bryce's bugfix as he is the one to implement the priority system.
Slight bug: Occasionally, enemies will stall slightly on a tile when blockage is placed.
This is likely to be because of how we coded wisps to move. To be fixed later as bug is super minor.
- Kevin (5 hrs)

21/6:
Implemented a stalling TRT.
Currently enemies do damage per frame so the stalling TRT has inflated HP.
To revisit and balance once enemies have an attack cycle.
Bug fixing
- Kevin (3hrs)

Updated priority of Enemies to be able to handle blockage placements (renamed to distToFood also for practicality).
Updated EnemyList to use this new definition of priority.
Updated the movement of enemies to use this new variable distToFood.
Added layers of abstraction to Enemy through methods.
Bug: Placing a blockage causes the error "NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object" and kills all the enemies on the board atm.
Bug fixing (including above bug)
- Bryce (3 hrs)

22/6: 
Implemented multiple enemy spawns system, and changed the path generation and spawner
systems to allow for multiple enemy spawns.
- Kevin (4 hrs)

23/6:
Implemented the Almanac with transitions. 
Almanac now currently only tracks all the food, enemies and TRTs the player has seen.
- Kevin (5 hrs)

22/6-24/6 afternoon:
Copied/Found sprites to use as projectiles for water, electric, earth, and snow turret.
Created their corresponding prefabs and debugged the projectile scripts.
Edited access modifiers for some fields in turrets/projectiles to declutter the value setting in Unity's UI.
Next TODOs: Ideation and implementation for Light TRT, Orienting the projectiles properly
- Bryce (6 hrs total, 4 hrs for sprites + 2 hrs for etc)

24/6:
Made the MS2 poster (4 hrs)
Added more things to the save system, thus fixing a continue bug (2 hrs)
Edited some scripts (1 hr)
- Kevin (7 hrs total)

24/6 night - 25/6:
Created lazer sprite.
Implemented LightTRT and LazerBeam.
Updated TRT orientation (now a method in AtkTower.cs and uses the range of the TRT instead of a fixed value)
Fixed lazer beam orientation
TODO: Create project log thing
- Bryce (5 hrs total, 2 hrs for sprites + 3 hrs for coding)

26/6:
Implemented a counter for number of zones cleared, and
difficulty scaling  (Spawn intervals and number of enemies)

Added HP and added logos to the other main menu scenes
- Kevin (2 hr)

30/6 - 1/7:
Implemented general projectile orienting methods in Projectile.cs. Currently used in Waterball and Lightning.
Deleted Script_Recycling_Bin.txt and moved contents to the bottom of their corresponding scripts.
Next planned TODOs: Make better fireball sprite, update lightning chaining behavior
Bug discovered: null pointer error in the logic of Lightning's movement. This bug will disappear anyway once the planned change for lightning is implemented.
- Bryce (2 hrs)

2/7: 
UI Buttons on the menus and the unlocks screen now have actual textures, not just a white box.
- Kevin (3 hrs)

3/7: 
Fixed almost all bugs related to the blockage TRTs.
Namely:
1. Fixed the wisps going in a straight line from spawn to food if the blockage TRT blocks all valid paths so no path exists between spawn and food.
Currently: If player attempts to place a TRT that would make traversal impossible, the game will physically not allow such a placement.
Future: Text pop-up for a small period of time to tell the player about the banned placement.

2. Fixed being able to place the blockage TRT on the enemies, thereby leading to awkward looking moments where the wisp just waltzes through the blockage.
Currently: Players are now not allowed to place blockage TRTs on the tile the enemy is travelling from and to.
E.G: Tile A --- [Enemy] --> Tile B
Both Tile A and B do not allow for placement.

A slight bug still exists. If blockage TRT is placed such that the ideal path is that the enemy needs to turn 180 degrees, 
the enemy will first complete its traversal from tile A to B, then go back to A.
E.G: 
Ideal path : D A B C
D --> A -- [Enemy] --> B --> C
Then a block is placed at C, and the ideal path for the enemy is now one where it needs to go A -> D. 
The enemy will first complete its movement to B, then go back to A, effectively being not an actual SSSP.

The plan for now is to claim this minor bug as a feature, as this bug is beneficial to the player by buying more time because the enemies need to move more.
It also does not break any parts of the game.

- Kevin (2 hrs)
